---
title: "CBA Readings for the month of February"
startDate: 2026-02-05
lastUpdatedDate: 2026-02-15
description: "CBA celebrates love this month. We read on love for animals, self-love, and a story where love meets courage."
location: 'Online'
owner:
    name: 'childrensbookforall'
    image: '/small_logo.png'
image:
    url: 'https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81NSPgqsqWL._AC_UY327_QL65_.jpg'
    alt: "Book cover for Big"
---

CBA celebrates love this month. We read on love for animals, self-love, and a story where love meets courage, connection and innocence.
Here are the details:  

---

**08 February 2026**  
11:00 am - 1:00 pm  

*क्या गूंदी घर लौटेगा ?* - प्रेम की तलाश, उसे खोने का डर और उम्मीद को थामे रखने की एक संवेदनशील कहानी | 

This reading is facilitated by Pranav Trivedi and Isha Anand.

[Registration link](https://childrensbookforall.org/readings/42)  

---

**15 February 2026**  
11:00 am - 1:00 pm  

~~*Ritu Weds Chandni* - A story where love meets courage, connection and innocence.~~ 

~~This reading is facilitated by Swati and Bhavna Sanwal.~~

~~[Registration link](https://childrensbookforall.org/readings/43)  ~~
Due to multiple health emergencies in our lives, we are postponing the reading of *Ritu Weds Chandni* to March 8th, Women's Day from 11 am to 1 pm.

At CBA, we believe that care, connection, and community are not separate from the work- they are the work. So this week, our stories are ones of tending, waiting, and choosing hope.

---

**22 February 2026**  
11:00 am - 1:00 pm  

*Big* - An emotional journey to self-love for a big girl whom the world tries to make feel small. 

This reading is facilitated by Utkarsha Jagga and Tina Chawla.

[Registration link](https://childrensbookforall.org/readings/44)  

---

<style>
    p img{
        display: block;
        width: 50%;
        margin: auto
    }
    .image-title{
        display: flex;
        justify-content: center;
        font-style: italic;
        color: gray;
    }
    em{
        text-decoration: underline dashed;
        font-style: normal;
    }
    hr{
    border-color: gray;
    background-color: lightgray;
    margin: 1rem
    }
</style>